Overhaul AI Gateway docs for new architecture (#2196)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: ai-gateway/custom-providers/ollama.mdx

---
title: Ollama
sidebarTitle: Ollama
description: Route AI requests to local Ollama models through the ngrok AI Gateway.
---

> [Ollama](https://ollama.ai) runs open-source large language models locally. Connect it to the AI Gateway as a [custom provider](/ai-gateway/concepts/custom-providers).

Reviewer: another example where I think it's skewed too terse

```suggestion
[Ollama](https://ollama.ai) runs open-source large language models locally. This guide shows you how to connect Ollama to the ngrok AI Gateway as a [custom provider](/ai-gateway/concepts/custom-providers).
```
